Clank. clank. clank.
They say three things
are buried in mines:
ore.
money.
and people.
On a grave covered in coal ash.
a dazzling paradise rises above ground.
Its shiny lights are so blinding
that no one looks down at their feet.
[Prosecutor Ju Taeseon]
Just when I thought everything was over.
he made me a proposal.
A proposal...
I couldn't refuse.
Prosecutor Ju. I respect you...
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
[Park Siwoo]
[Kim Yunsik]
[Kwak Seunghwan:
because of property division?]
[Kim (Koryoin): drug overdose]
[Found in a small room
on the second floor]
[Last abandoned mine in Danhyeon
has been converted into a casino...]
[Danhyeon Land construction led by Ohsong:
casino. hotel. theme park. resort...]
[First female executive
in the casino industry...]
[Promises "transparent management
and regional win-win"]
[Danhyeon City "Casino Owner Murdered";
the suspect is his driver. Lee]
[The Prosecutor's Proposal]
[Prosecution]
Who the hell is Lee Chaeha? Get out here!
I am.
Go on.
Pick them up.
[Fine Collection Division]
Call me early in the morning
making a fuss over this petty cash again.
and I'll...
Look at me.
Getting rid of you is a piece of cake.
-Director Park!
-Yes.
Keep your men in line.
-Goodbye.
-Yeah!
She thinks she's all that just because
her father owns Ohsong Group.
So what if she's a casino director?
Rich people are the worst.
No one's fault but hers
for not paying her fines on time.
Right?
Let's get promoted to Grade 7 ASAP
and escape
this damn fine collection division.
Or stick it out
and become a prosecutor's investigator.
Thank you.
Don't you agree. Director Park?
Let's go for lunch.
You're on duty today. right?
[Public Official ID: Ju Taeseon.
Supreme Prosecutors' Office]
Yes. for post-mortem investigation.
See you later.
Senior Assistant Lee Chaeha.
[Public Official ID: Lee Chaeha.
Supreme Prosecutors' Office]
Chaeha.
Ah. yes.
Come on.
Are you on duty with Prosecutor Ju today?
No. I'm not.
Psy-cho-path.
What?
Prosecutor Ju.
I don't know if he's human
or just a handsome mannequin.
Always has a poker face.
Doesn't smile. cry. or get mad.
And you can't mention or ask about
his personal life.
He's way too aloof.
But he's good at his job.
Isn't that all that matters?
Oh. please.
He meddles in all sorts of cases.
squeezing his investigators dry.
[Prosecution]
Pursuing justice isn't easy.
Having too strong a sense of justice
is just self-serving.
You know about
Prosecutor Yoon Soyeon's suicide. right?
Because he blew the whistle.
not only was he demoted.
but even his chief
was forced to step down.
He just did what had to be done.
Things that no one else could do.
Huh?
Chaeha.
are you close with Prosecutor Ju?
What?
No. I'm not.
I just respect him.
Anyway. why else would
an investigator of his
go abroad for study at this time?
I wonder who will take that empty spot.
Definitely not us.
since we have the least seniority.
Aren't you envious?
Come to think of it.
I'm more afraid of fine defaulters
than Prosecutor Ju.
See you later.
Senior Assistant Lee Chaeha.
Huh?
[Notice of Change in On-Duty Prosecutor:
Lee Jeonggeun -> Ju Taeseon]
Ju Taeseon?
Damn it. When did they change it?
Psy-cho-path.
Psychopath...
Hello?
A body was found.
Oh my. what on earth happened?
They went in ages ago.
Why aren't they out yet?
Gosh. did someone die?
Who are these two?
You're here.
A body found at night. and sure enough.
you're on duty. Prosecutor Ju.
Tell me about it.
What were the circumstances
when the body was discovered?
It was found by a drunk passerby.
No external trauma at all.
His nationality says Russian.
[Aleksandr Kim]
but as you can see.
he was likely a Koryoin.
This guy had been in Korea
for less than a day.
What's the cause of death?
Cardiac arrest caused by drug poisoning.
He's definitely a junkie.
Suicide. drug addiction.
and death by violence;
since this casino opened.
it's been a nightmare.
Seriously.
The latest trend for junkies
must be to inject into their necks.
It's highly likely he got high
and accidentally stabbed his own neck.
Anyway. he died of an overdose.
Always the same old thing
with these casino visitors.
Senior Assistant Lee Chaeha.
Yes.
It's a plastic fragment.
And?
Oh?
I see some slight scratches.
And?
Do you think I called you here
for a treasure hunt?
What you just did was mere observation.
I want you to give me an analysis.
This area is deserted.
and there are no surveillance cameras.
Could he have died
after injecting the drugs he bought here?
He came all the way here from Russia
to get drugs? And...
here. of all places?
What if he didn't enter Korea
to buy drugs.
but to sell them. and was then murdered?
Based on what?
An analysis without evidence
is just speculation. a mere opinion.
I only want the truth.
Yes. I'll start looking for it.
I'm looking forward to it.
Detective Ma.
Yes.
Please check the movement path
of the deceased.
OK. got it.
Hey.
no pictures. please.
You can't take pictures!
Let's go eat.
Oh. OK.
Do you think it was
a natural or accidental death?
From what we saw so far.
it looks like a drug overdose.
What about
the scratches near his esophagus.
and the needle mark on the neck?
That's...
And the plastic fragment
found in his mouth?
That too...
Let's talk again
after the final autopsy report
is out.
Submit today's duty report first.
Yes. Prosecutor Ju.
Corpses...
don't seem to faze you.
I came across them often when I was a cop.
An ex-cop?
Why did you quit?
I couldn't adapt.
so I wanted to start over.
What a shame.
A National Police University graduate
can swiftly become a superintendent.
which is ranked higher
than a public official of Grade 5.
It's fine.
I don't think it's a pity.
I didn't expect you to be so naive.
What?
It'll probably take you some time
to regret coming here.
Are you done eating?
Oh. yes.
Um. Prosecutor Ju Taeseon.
I'm glad to have worked with you today.
Ever since I saw an article about you
when I was in university.
I've respected you.
I haven't done anything worthy of respect.
I'm sorry if I made you uncomfortable.
Why did you become a cop?
I...
I wanted to kill them
whenever I saw them—murderers.
Becoming a prosecutor
is the only way to legitimately
kill murderers.
Do exactly what you did during the crime!
What are you waiting for? Get on with it!
I didn't do it.
I said I didn't do it!
I didn't do it! Don't do this to me!
I didn't do it!
"I'm innocent."
"I didn't do it."
"My kid would never do such a thing."
"It was an accident."
Isn't it disgusting?
They always say they're not at fault.
You can get out.
See you tomorrow.
[To: Prosecutor Ju Taeseon]
[Thank you for all your hard work today]
[Prosecution]
Good morning.
Congrats. Chaeha.
Sorry?
A mere public official of Grade 8 like you
bypassed all your seniors
to get the prosecutor's investigator job.
Has anyone ever been transferred out
in just two months?
Isn't this a promotion for you?
I guess Prosecutor Ju
thinks highly of you.
Didn't you two
do a shift together recently?
Oh. yes.
You two must have gotten along well
that night.
Or maybe you have some secret weapon.
Are you calling Chaeha a fox?
Anyway. congrats.
[Personnel Appointment: Grade 8 (Clerk)
Lee Chaeha. assigned as Investigator]
[Room 512. Prosecutor's Office]
[Investigative support & case management]
[Room 512. Criminal Division 1.
Danhyeon Office]
[Prosecutor: Ju Taeseon]
[Investigator: Song Haneul] [Room 512]
Come in.
Prosecutor Ju.
what is going on?
What do you mean?
I wasn't informed beforehand...
People would kill for this position.
Isn't this position out of your league?
I never wanted it.
Didn't you say you respect me?
Do you not want to work with me.
or
do the murder cases I handle
make you uncomfortable?
What?
Of course you'd be uncomfortable.
Lee Chaeha...
you are
the son
of a...
murderer. aren't you?
[The Prosecutor's Proposal]
Senior Assistant Lee Chaeha.
[In the Next Episode]
come work with me.
Nice to meet you. I'm Song Haneul.
You're here. sir!
It seems that
the Koryoin. Kim. sold meth.
You act as if
you've discovered something amazing.
even trying to teach me what to do.
You've got guts.
I thought you'd run away.
Do you dislike me?
It seems you want me to like you.
Of all people. why me?
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm